Laravel 5-3 example

Laravel 5-3 example is a tutorial application.

It's an upgrade of this repository for Laravel 5.3 with big code cleaning and refactoring and application tests.

Installation (the slow way)

copy to php05
create [projectname]
type cd [projectname]
type composer install
type composer update
copy .env.example to .env
type php artisan key:generateto regenerate secure key
if you use MySQL in .env file :
set DB_CONNECTION
set DB_DATABASE
set DB_USERNAME
set DB_PASSWORD
if you use sqlite :
type touch database/database.sqlite to create the file
type php artisan migrate --seed to create and populate tables
edit .env for emails configuration
optionaly type npm install to manage assets
Installation (the fast way)

for sqlite : upload this zip file and unzip it in your folder. It's done with sqlite database ! You can make a composer update to refresh vendor.
for mysql : upload this zip file and unzip it in your folder. Create an empty database and follow the installer instructions. You can make a composer update to refresh vendor. The installer was made with this package.
Include

Bootstrap for CSS and jQuery plugins
Font Awesome for the nice icons
Highlight.js for highlighting code
Startbootstrap for the free templates
CKEditor the great editor
Elfinder the nice file manager
laravel-lipsum for the lipsum generator
Laravel Collective for Forms and Html
Sweat Alert for the cool alerts
Features

Home page
Custom error pages 403, 404 and 503
Authentication (registration, login, logout, password reset, mail confirmation, throttle)
Users roles : administrator (all access), redactor (create and edit post, upload and use medias in personnal directory), and user (create comment in blog)
Blog with comments
Search in posts
Tags on posts
Contact us page
Admin dashboard with messages, users, posts, roles and comments
Users admin (roles filter, show, edit, delete, create, blog report)
Posts admin (list with dynamic order, show, edit, delete, create)
Multi users medias gestion
Localization
Application tests
Use of new notifications to send emails and notify redactors for new comments
Assets

CSS is compiled with Elixir, look at gulpfile.js for details.

Tricks

To use application the database is seeding with users :

Administrator : email = admin@la.fr, password = admin
Redactor : email = redac@la.fr, password = redac
User : email = walker@la.fr, password = walker
User : email = slacker@la.fr, password = slacker
Tests

When you want to launch the tests first rollback the database :

php artisan migrate:rollback

Then migrate and seed :

php artisan migrate --seed

You can then use PHPUnit